Miss Li, let me confirm again.
Do you really like me?
As long as the Dragon Emperor is sincere to me
I'm sure I would.
My eyes are above the top
It's not easy to see someone
If you really like it
Must be sincere
Well, then I accept the gift from Lord Dragon Emperor
Wait a minute.
Lord Dragon Emperor is going to send me a token of love
Lord Dragon Emperor
I want to be in love with you
Lord Longhua, this is too fast
See Chongqing two love each other
How fast is that?
My dad is a very traditional person
He used to tell me
It can only be given to men after marriage
Otherwise he will kill me
What's the age of this old idea?
Love free marriage
Don't you know?
Let's cross the river of love together
Lord Mandarin
Sorry, I really can't accept it.
Please understand.
Does it look like you are rejecting me?